Polishing, references, remove traffic engineering section (#28)
scionassociation/scion-research_I-D: draft-meynell-panrg-scion-research-questions.md

SCION is an inter-domain network architecture. Its core components, as deployed by some of its early adopters, are specified in {{I-D.dekater-scion-dataplane}}, {{I-D.dekater-scion-pki}}, {{I-D.dekater-scion-controlplane}} which are currently under ISE review.

> The goal of this draft is to explore how SCION and its early deployments experiences can help addressing open research questions in {{RFC9217}}. Specifically, there are still many open areas of research around path-aware networking, where SCION with its early deployment experiences and research efforts can provide a contribution. This can also be a starting point for discussions around long-term protocol evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this draft is to explore how SCION and its early deployment experiences can help address open research questions in {{RFC9217}}. Specifically, there are still many open areas of research around path-aware networking, where SCION with its early deployment experiences and research efforts can provide a contribution. This can also be a starting point for discussions around long-term protocol evolution.
```
